hello everyone I am your clown trompetín them
I want to talk like a clown
prepares for his birthday
your christening or any celebration that
have so you have to be everything
a success the diaper has to be prepared
first of all with time
the current wardrobe and it has to be
totally professional from the shoes
attractive
and the suit some months some
we scared or before others not but the
gloves give a touch of personality
up hair
well I want to tell you also which
is my team I offer you a team
as of pintacaritas totally
professional and reliable then I have a
sound equipment the sound is very
important because children at the party
they want to have their music here 20 the
clown you get very nice then
we have to have a long sound
reach with a microphone also from
long range so that the piñata does not
from Spain for it is talking
for you and since then the
sound is very very important after the
clown was black and literal and the
feeling of joy to children
finally the sun the fresh core and the
I offer you face painting for
the boys girls we have a great
variety of pintacaritas two
traditional and logical robberies
then we make them are some games
contests to children to a magic show
we also make them communicate with them
with adults
and as I am
a 100% piece for children in the
home is totally familiar did not say
rudeness to my game with the site with the
then month access at parties
during the clown show around the world
have fun then with this I do them
a summary of what I offer my show and
if they have any questions then
they can do it on the phone
down and I wait for you in the niche